zmq-json-sub.js
================

A node.js module for subcribing to JSON messages via 0MQ (ZeroMQ)
-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Install 0MQ

On a Mac:

    $ brew install zmq

To verify the installation

    $ man zmq

 See [__zeromq.org__](http://zeromq.org)

## Install zmq-json-sub in your project

    $ npm init
    $ npm install zmq-json-sub --save

## Usage 

The complete example can be found in the __examples/demo__ folder.

This example shows how to create a simple app that subcribes to JSON messages from a publisher.   

File: __examples/demo/config.js__

	var config = {};
	config.endpoint = "tcp://localhost:5431";
	module.exports = config; 

File: __examples/demo/index.js__

	"use strict";

	var ZmqJsonSub = require('../../zmq-json-sub'),
    	config = require('./config'),
    	sub = null;

	var spec = {
    	endpoint: config.endpoint, 
    	filter: "", 
    	onMessage: function (data) {
        	let jstring = JSON.parse(data);
        	console.log( jstring );
        	if (jstring.timestamp) {
            	console.log( "TIME STAMP: [" 
                	+ new Date(jstring.timestamp) 
                	+ "]");
        	}
    	}
	};

	sub = new ZmqJsonSub(spec, function(err, data) {
    	if (err) {
        	console.log(err);
        	return;
    	}
	});

	console.log("Subscribed to: " + config.endpoint);

	/*
    	Handle termination - close sub.
	*/

	//  terminator === the termination handler.
	function terminator(sig) {
   		if (typeof sig === "string") {
    	  	console.log('%s: Received %s - terminating Node server ...',
        		Date(Date.now()), sig);
      		console.log("Closing subcriber before exit");
      		sub.close();
      		process.exit(1);
   		}
   		console.log('%s: Node server stopped.', Date(Date.now()) );
	}	

	//  Process on exit and signals.
	process.on('exit', function() { terminator(); });

	['SIGHUP', 'SIGINT', 'SIGQUIT', 'SIGILL', 'SIGTRAP', 'SIGABRT', 'SIGBUS',
	 'SIGFPE', 'SIGUSR1', 'SIGSEGV', 'SIGUSR2', 'SIGPIPE', 'SIGTERM'
	].forEach(function(element, index, array) {
    	process.on(element, function() { terminator(element); });
	});

To run:

	$ node index.js

To stop press __Ctrl-C__.

To test with some messages see the __example/demo__ project in the companion project [https://www.npmjs.com/package/zmq-json-pub](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zmq-json-pub).  Run the subscriber demo in one terminal window and the publisher demo in another. The subscriber should log to the console messages generated by the publisher.

## Tests

Tests assume that __mocha__ has been installed globally.  If not execute the following:

    $ npm install -g mocha

Run the tests *from the projects root folder* in one of the following ways:

    $ mocha --recursive --timeout 20000
    
Or

    $ npm test
    
Or if you feel like kickin' it old skool:

    make test

### Testing by Version

To run the tests for each version (currently there is only one version (v0001)):

    $ mocha --timeout 5000 --recursive test/v0001/*test.js

The tests generate log files in a logs/ folder under the projects root folder.

* * *

## Repo(s)

* [bitbucket.org/mitchallen/zmq-json-sub.git](https://bitbucket.org/mitchallen/zmq-json-sub.git)

* * *

## Contributing

In lieu of a formal style guide, take care to maintain the existing coding style.
Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code.

* * *

## Version History

#### Version 0.1.1 release notes

* Updated demo to use live module

#### Version 0.1.0 release notes

* Initial release

